The Preferences page allows you to view and update your user preferences.
It includes five tabs: Profile, Roles, Time, Expense, and Password.
The Passwords tab allows you to update your current password with a new one.
It is highly recommended that all employees change their temporary passwords immediately upon logging into the web application.
Additionally, passwords expire every 60 days.
You will receive a warning message 10 days before your password expires.
These settings are designated by your organization.
If your password expires, please submit a Help Desk request to the IT department.
To change your password, type your current password in the Current Password field.
Next, type your new password in the New Password field and re-enter it in the Confirm Password field.
Ensure that you follow your organization's guidelines for creating a strong password.
Click the Save button to apply the change.